hi this is sushi mark here my sushi
daddy.com I love sushi I love it so much
and after years of eating it I decided
to teach myself how to make it and now I
want to teach you so please enjoy these
video tutorials on how to make hello
this is sushi mark here my sushi datacom
today i want to talk about crab sticks
or the imitation fish cakes or the
imitation crab sticks whatever you call
them they're a vital role in any of my
sushi knights and probably in yours as
well now there are several different
kinds of crab sticks and just to give
you a little bit of background on me
I've been eating imitation crab since I
was a kid my mom used to put it in a
macaroni salad with mayonnaise and
onions and of course the you macaroni
and I fell in love with it then and have
been a big fan of imitation crab sticks
and crab for that matter too but
specifically imitation crab sticks for
many many years even before I start
enjoying sushi so I've always bought
them and consumed them so I have more of
a background on the fish cakes or the
imitation crab sticks then most people
just because I've always I've always
enjoyed them and they are not all
created equal so you really have to be
careful on what products you buy this is
not an ingredient to skimp on okay
you're going to have to pay a decent
price for the this ingredient because if
you get the bad ones the ones made from
China and they're kind of off-color and
they're big sticks they taste like
cardboard and they're so bad you can't
even make sushi with them it's
absolutely horrible I mean the fit the
taste is terrible
so let's talk about what kind to buy so
I have several different kinds here
first type I'm going to show you is the
type that I buy I get from the Asian
market or online they
come individually wrapped and you're
going to spend about $10 to $15 10 to
$15 per package each of them comes
individually wrapped its own little
plastic wrap and it shreds very easily
once you just rub your fingers across it
it'll just shred up and that's where you
get the spicy crab from when you shred
it all up this is another kind of crab
stick that's new on the market a little
short I mean I like a little bit longer
there for the sushi rolls but you can
always cut a couple of them in there
it's competitively priced the taste
isn't bad I definitely would prefer my
crab sticks that I get from the Asian
market but in a pinch if I didn't have
access to them I would say this is a
good alternative and you're looking at
about $6 per pound which I mean is very
economical considering you know 10 you
know to $15 for the good ones you get
from online or the Asian market but like
I said in a pinch these these will work
as well now another one that I've used
in the past if I didn't have access to
my good imitation crab sticks or the
fish cakes as they're called are these
kind here the crab selects and you these
are available at most your major grocery
stores and they're not bad I like I said
I definitely prefer the good ones but if
I don't have them these are a good
alternative stay away from the ones that
are cheaply made in China because they
just don't taste very good at all like
cardboard and normally per roll you get
two per roll they'll fit long ways and
in a California roll or you can cut them
up a little pieces and shred them and
for a spicy crab you can put it on top
of the roll inside the roll very
versatile
radiant and an essential greedy NN in my
sushi nights so I hope you enjoyed this
video tutorial and you can visit my
website at my sushi datacom to buy it
from amazon.com
I am affiliate I do earn a commission
and I thank you for supporting my sushi
site and above all I hope you enjoy
making your sushi thanks a lot for
watching